Update install instructions (#792)
DataDog/integrations-extras: snmpwalk/README.md

### Installation

> If you are using Agent v6.8+ follow the instructions below to install the Sortdb check on your host. See the dedicated Agent guide for [installing community integrations][2] to install checks with the [Agent prior v6.8][3] or the [Docker Agent][4]:

Author: ```suggestion
If you are using Agent v6.8+ follow the instructions below to install the SNMP walk check on your host. See the dedicated Agent guide for [installing community integrations][2] to install checks with the [Agent prior v6.8][3] or the [Docker Agent][4]:
```

1. [Download and launch the Datadog Agent][1].
2. Run the following command to install the integrations wheel with the Agent:

   ```shell

>    datadog-agent integration install -t datadog-<INTEGRATION_NAME>==<INTEGRATION_VERSION>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   datadog-agent integration install -t datadog-snmpwalk==<INTEGRATION_VERSION>
```
